---
title: psychologist again
author: Chris
date: 2001-07-26T23:14:00+00:00
lj_itemid:
  - 7
lj_permalink:
  - http://kuroshi.livejournal.com/2006.html
lj_current_mood:
  - amused
lj_picture_keyword:
  - digital catte
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
Well&#8230;. this mostly has to do with my day yesterday, but I think it involves lots of other stuff..

I got up at 8:15am after having about 3 hours of sleep, after which I had a rushed breakfast of Frosted Flakes and was taken to my first appointment with the psychologist. There I spent an hour talking, answering questions, and filling out some preliminary paperwork. Afterwards, I left to find my bus stop.

I dashed around various times to the different bus stops, unfamiliar with the layout because I haven't been doing this much. Anyway, I found my stop after a quick dash across the somewhat busy 4-lane street, only to find the stopped bus I had dashed behind wasn't mine. Oh well, got to mine without much delay.

On the way, we had to go through the downtown bus terminal, where some jerk/dumb driver had stopped his bus too soon and was blocking the lane. After much honking, the dumb driver moved in to where he should have been.

Among the passengers that boarded at the terminal was this one lady who definately noticed the driver who pulled in and said repeatedly that her project for the next few days will be calling and writing in to the bus company complaining about that driver.

Anyway, I got home without much further event. After which I resumed my usual computer habits 😛

The dreams this evening were rather weird&#8230; I am human (I think) and I'm fully dressed, though in shorts instead of my usual jeans&#8230; running round some strange park, where I even happened upon a steep hill covered in wet grass, set up with two wide lanes, perhaps 12 feet wide each, marked with steel pipe rails, and a pay meter at the bottom where you deposit $1 if you want to collect some sort of bet related to how fast you get to the top, I think. Anyway, I was running really friggin fast, and outran every person who was climbing the hill, without using the rails or anything, and without slipping.

Somewhere beyond the top of that hill race, I ended up witnessing some sort of robbery pulled by a team of 4 anthro siamese cats, 3 of which were also wearing roller blades and skating about the store or smth&#8230;. (gotta stop lookin at wacked out comics like Funny Farm this late, I think it was from the Naked Anime Flying Kitty ^_^) Well, they made their getaway in some sort of limo, with the 3 skating along behind the leader, catching up even though he was going rather fast.

I decided to chase after them for some reason, and I was actually moving as fast as them most of the time, even though I was on foot and they were on wheels. I followed them to some video store, a Hollywood Video in an area that looked strangely like the area around my local Hollywood Video. Anyway, I chased them into the store, where some sort of kung fu fight started, me in the middle of 3 fighters. While the leader was robbing them or smth, I fended off blows from the 3 others, until they left.

While I was chasing them, I ended up back at that same grass hill, and somehow all four were on foot, sans skates, and were running up that same grass hill. What seemed to be the same two people who I saw at the bottom before were there as well, running up the hill&#8230; I started my way up only to find I couldn't keep up with even the two guys, I was that tired or something&#8230; The two seemed to mock me with their slow, yet ever so faster than me, speed&#8230;

I woke some point after that.. I think I do have some strange dreams now and then ^_^

Oh, and people think I am back to my staying up all night habits, just because I stayed up till 3am that night, but mostly based on the fact that I didn't wake up until around 3pm xX
