---
title: emulation block
author: Chris
date: 2001-08-19T18:23:00+00:00
lj_itemid:
  - 16
lj_permalink:
  - http://kuroshi.livejournal.com/4160.html
lj_current_mood:
  - annoyed
lj_picture_keyword:
  - digital catte
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
Ooooohhh! Schroe blocked me on AIM because I mentioned &#8230;. EMULATION \*ominous thunderclap\*

BLEH! XD

So what if I emulate game systems simply because I'd rather have the bloody games on my computer than do without! NO I DO NOT HAVE AN INCOME! Unless bloody $5 a week counts, and I'm not the type that can be arsed to get a damn job.

EDIT: Here's how I got all my elite stuff&#8230;

Computer: given to me by a friend
  
Money for CPU upgrade so long ago: Christmas gift from parents
  
Memory upgrades: purchased by parents
  
New SB Live! X-Gamer 5.1: about $40 paid for by parents, on loan, now paid off
  
New Monitor: paid for by parents

Gameboy: hand-me-down from cousins
  
NES, original design: Christmas present, probably at least a year after SNES debuted
  
NES, new design: Christmas maybe the next year
  
SNES, purpleish tone case: Christmas next year (I think)

And access to the following:

GBC: Not mine, my brother's 😛
  
PSone: also my brother's

Computer, more modern than mine: Parents'

Cable Internet connection, email box, web space: Also paid for by parents

I'm kinda spoiled, and kinda weird.

Figure this out: I'll help ElectricYoshi and probably others out with HTML coding problems, but I won't get off my ass to update my own damn webpage XD

EDIT EDIT: I also have trouble seeing the total point of capitalism but that's just me. When I do something, even if it takes me hours, it either just sits on my hard drive, or I just give it out. Of course, most of this crap only took me several hours per project to finish, and I don't really care if anyone finds it useful, but the money &#8230;. bleh, screw money. I like the idea of Star Trek where they have no money ^_^ &#8230;. but that's only a fantasy :/

Am I communist? Hell if I know &#8230; I am just some antisocial freak who never gets anything done due to spending 8+ hours a day surfing the internet, chatting on IRC, and watching TV. And most of the time I don't really care either. Too many "normal" people are what cause me to think about why it is so bad.
