---
title: mental health problems
author: Chris
date: 2001-10-14T09:01:00+00:00
lj_itemid:
  - 36
lj_permalink:
  - http://kuroshi.livejournal.com/9423.html
lj_picture_keyword:
  - digital catte
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
I am a true degenerate sicko ;P

When I am in one of my moods, I am really annoyed by people who cannot tolerate abnormal behavior. Why can't we all just get along?

Yes. That's the ticket. Total desensitivity training at age 5. Or sooner. The sooner, the better. Soon we may all look on at even the most heinous acts with a totally indifferent attitude.

How successful was I? Let me tell you, I was unfazed by the events of Sep 11th, and I almost cringe at the endless deluge of celebrity Red Cross advertisements. I have seen enough. What has happened, happened. You cannot tell me that Red Cross is still pulling survivors from last month's wreckage and are in need of blood. I can understand if they need to restock in the aftermath, but they seem to be carrying it a bit far in my opinion.

Not to mention every Joe and his dog is now selling American flags in all forms, which the patriotic population is just eating up.

Watch as the WTC twin towers are removed from all forms of media, previously published as well as new media. Does it do the memory justice to strike them from the record, or does it serve to manipulate the general public? Perhaps it is simply better to forget all that happened. Let us ban this terror from the record and forget it ever happened. Otherwise the records may serve to desensitize the future generations. After enough of this, we will be able to forget that this happened because our airports were protected by Rent-a-Cops who are paid less than the cafeteria staff.
