---
title: Of Tangents and Such
author: Chris
date: 2013-02-08T01:07:01+00:00
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
I seem to be going off on tangents a lot lately, my mind is going 90 miles an hour, every which way. <!-- more -->  People keep giving me more ideas for things I should be doing, adding to my plate more and more crap I may or may not finish, or even start, for that matter. And now I&#8217;m thinking randomly about sexual things at the worst times, wishing I could be doing things to someone in person, right now. It may be my medication, except I&#8217;ve been happily medicated by the same crap for six years now, until over a year ago when my doctor decided to switch me to some newer still-patented medication, which seemed to work out okay for a while, then she switched me to another medication that would put me to sleep on the spot within an hour of taking it, which I had to do twice daily. I became restless and combative after taking that for less than a week, so I switched back to my first medication, which I thankfully still had a backlog of, which lasted me until I got to see my doctor again and asked her to switch me back to it permanently.

Things have been different since switching back to this medication. Now, I get tired and feel my will to do anything productive completely drain away within two hours of taking it, and if I do manage to make myself get ready for bed, take my sleeping medication, and go to sleep in my bed proper, I sleep for roughly 12 hours, regardless of how long I stayed awake. And when I finally do wake up, I don&#8217;t feel like getting up for almost an hour, lying there in bed, absorbed in my thoughts. I think of things I did or people I conversed with the previous day, and imagine lengthy conversation scenarios, instead of actually getting up and having real conversations.

And none of the medications I&#8217;m currently on are really helping with my apparent crippling social anxiety. I really should talk with my doctor more about this shit, except half the time I can&#8217;t understand a fucking word she&#8217;s saying, because she speaks quickly in a very thick Asian accent. And I&#8217;d rather not tell the clinic that I want to be switched to a different doctor, because it seems the only time they ever do that, like the last two times, is because my existing doctor is moving to a different clinic or for other reasons that they have to drop all of their patients. And it&#8217;s not like I&#8217;m paying top dollar for my care, just sub-$100 based on my income, per year.

They&#8217;ve suggested group therapy a few times, but I don&#8217;t think I could talk about a lot of the things that are bothering me in front of 10-20 other people with varying mental problems. Yeah, I totally want to tell a bunch of strange people in person that now, more than ever, I totally crave the cock. I want one shoved in my mouth right this very second. And maybe in my ass as well. Both at once would be a bonus. Oh, and I&#8217;m infatuated with all things about the furry fandom, from cutesy drawings to anyone with a cutesy Internet handle that either makes them look like a furry, or through Google searches reveals them to be one. Yeah, I don&#8217;t want to talk about that face to face without having some sense that the people I&#8217;m talking with can relate in any way.

Oh yeah, treading on water here posting this on a page that&#8217;s readily Google indexed. Don&#8217;t really want extended family seeing this, but hey, they&#8217;re bound to discover it some day. The thrill of risking exposure, that&#8217;s another thing that gets me off. Maybe there&#8217;s a magic pill that can fix that, too.
